FL sizing cases, see my previous videos to find out why
Brilliant new Lee Ergo Prime
I need 100gr load and went for N160 powder
I have 5 different loads - 4 rounds each to try
Sierra ProHunter bullets are flat base and one of the shortest, so
should hopefully stabilize in my standard twist rate .243 Win barrel
I seat them quite deep, they were touching lands with Vihtavuori manual recommended OAL
Sinclaire hex nut to measure to ogive not to tip
5 loads starting from 39gr in 1gr increments
First 39gr load
Inspect cases for any sign of pressure
0.6" (15mm) group
Second 40gr load
I forgot my rear bag (well... a sock filled with rice... )
1.1" (28mm) group
Third load 41gr on N160
No signs of pressure
1.1" (28mm) group
Fourth load 42gr
0.9" (24mm) group
Last 43gr load
0.8" (21mm) group